{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green25\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green49\blue51;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c25098\c26275;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About Dataset\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 Note: Don't forget to upvote when you find this useful.\cb1 \
\cb3 Dataset Overview:\cb1 \
\cb3 The Sleep Health and Lifestyle Dataset comprises 400 rows and 13 columns, covering a wide range of variables related to sleep and daily habits. It includes details such as gender, age, occupation, sleep duration, quality of sleep, physical activity level, stress levels, BMI category, blood pressure, heart rate, daily steps, and the presence or absence of sleep disorders.\cb1 \
\cb3 Key Features of the Dataset:\cb1 \
\cb3 Comprehensive Sleep Metrics: Explore sleep duration, quality, and factors influencing sleep patterns.\cb1 \
\cb3 Lifestyle Factors: Analyze physical activity levels, stress levels, and BMI categories.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cardiovascular Health: Examine blood pressure and heart rate measurements.\cb1 \
\cb3 Sleep Disorder Analysis: Identify the occurrence of sleep disorders such as Insomnia and Sleep Apnea.\cb1 \
\cb3 Dataset Columns:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Person ID: An identifier for each individual.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Gender: The gender of the person (Male/Female).\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Age: The age of the person in years.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Occupation: The occupation or profession of the person.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sleep Duration (hours): The number of hours the person sleeps per day.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Quality of Sleep (scale: 1-10): A subjective rating of the quality of sleep, ranging from 1 to 10.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Physical Activity Level (minutes/day): The number of minutes the person engages in physical activity daily.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Stress Level (scale: 1-10): A subjective rating of the stress level experienced by the person, ranging from 1 to 10.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 BMI Category: The BMI category of the person (e.g., Underweight, Normal, Overweight).\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Blood Pressure (systolic/diastolic): The blood pressure measurement of the person, indicated as systolic pressure over diastolic pressure.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Heart Rate (bpm): The resting heart rate of the person in beats per minute.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Daily Steps: The number of steps the person takes per day.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sleep Disorder: The presence or absence of a sleep disorder in the person (None, Insomnia, Sleep Apnea).\cb1 \
\cb3 Details about Sleep Disorder Column:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
None: The individual does not exhibit any specific sleep disorder.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Insomnia: The individual experiences difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, leading to inadequate or poor-quality sleep.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sleep Apnea: The individual suffers from pauses in breathing during sleep, resulting in disrupted sleep patterns and potential health risks.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Acknowledgement:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I would like to clarify that the data I am presenting is synthetic and created by me for illustrative purposes.}